TernarySplitter  in 30ms
return (context != null) && line.trim().equalsIgnoreCase((Parser.LEFT_CONTEXT + context) + Parser.RIGHT_CONTEXT)
CheckNotNull  in 92ms
ForceNullInit in 4ms
AddImplicitCastChecker --> 0 in 51ms
BeforeDeref --> 77 (failed:0) in 77ms
target--> 107 (failed:0) in 204ms
TryRegister # Try: 1 in 6ms
Assign --> 25 (failed: 0) in 40ms
VarInit --> 32 in 14ms
MethodEncapsulation # Method: 107 in 129ms
ConstructorEncapsulation # Constructor: 15 in 29ms
VariableFor in 10ms
RMI Selector (Host: 127.0.0.1, Port: 10000): KO
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testCharSetAndGet
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testByteDefaultReturn
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testBooleanSetAndGet
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testIntDefaultReturn
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testStringDefaultReturn
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testPropertySetAndGet
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testShortDefaultReturn
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testCharDefaultReturn
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testByteSetAndGet
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testDoubleSetAndGet
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testFloatDefaultReturn
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testBooleanDefaultReturn
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testDoubleDefaultReturn
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#sanityCheck
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testIntSetAndGet
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testLongSetAndGet
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testShortSetAndGet
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testStringSetAndGet
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testBooleanList
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testByteList
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testCharList
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testDoubleList
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testFloatList
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testIntList
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testLongList
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testShortList
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testStringList
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testGetProperties
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testMissingBooleanValueKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testMissingBooleanListKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testMissingByteValueKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testMissingByteListKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testMissingCharValueKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testMissingCharListKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testMissingDoubleValueKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testMissingDoubleListKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testMissingFloatValueKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testMissingFloatListKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testMissingIntValueKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testMissingIntListKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testLongShortValueKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testMissingShortListKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testLongStringValueKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testMissingStringListKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testLongBooleanValueKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testMissingLongListKey
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testSetProperties
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testClearProperty
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testClearMissingProperty
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testNotParsableLong
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testNotParsableLongList
<No Strat> Status: Ko
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testNotParsableShort
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testNotParsableShortList
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testNotParsableByte
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testNotParsableByteList
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testFloatSetAndGet
<No Strat> Status: Ok
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testLongDefaultReturn
<No Strat> Status: Ok
Multirun 57/100 56%
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testNotParsableLongList
<No Strat> Status: Ko
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testNotParsableLongList
<No Strat> Status: Ko
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testNotParsableLongList
<No Strat> Status: Ko
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testNotParsableLongList
<No Strat> Status: Ko
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testNotParsableLongList
<No Strat> Status: Ko
org.trendafilov.confucius.ConfigurationTest#testNotParsableLongList
<No Strat> Status: Ko
